Article about the size increase of binaries when using Mandrel 23.0 (#1818)
quarkusio/quarkusio.github.io: _posts/2023-10-26-mandrel-23-0-image-size-increase.md

---
layout: post
title: 'Exploring why native executables produced with Mandrel 23.0 are bigger than with Mandrel 22.3'
date: 2023-10-26
tags: native graalvm mandrel metrics

> synopsis: 'A comprehensive analysis attributing binary size increase to specific changes in Mandrel's code base.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
synopsis: "A comprehensive analysis attributing binary size increase to specific changes in Mandrel's code base."
```
